1) write a program to convert given kilogram into grams and display it. 
2) write a program to convert given fahrenheit into celsius and display it. 
3) write a program to calculate tax,final amount on given product's price and quantity and also display it. rate of tax will be 10 percentage. 
4) write a program to convert given minutes into hours and minutes. 
    input : 150 minute 
    output : 2 hours 30 minutes 

    input : 190 minute 
    output : 3 hours 10 minutes 
    
list
1) create list of places you have visited so far
    display whole list 
    display first place 
    display last 2 place 
    display 2nd to 5th place 
    
2) create list to store your name, age, weight, gender 
    print whole list 
    print your name 
    print your age and weight 
    print your gender 

3) create an empty list 
    add 2 new item at begining of the list 
    add 2 new item at end of the list 
    list sorting 
    count 'watch' item into list
    display list in reverse order 
    list copy into another list 
    make list empty 

decision making exercise 
------------------------------------

1) write a program to find out whether given shape is square or not. accept length and width of the shape as input from user. 

2) write a program to find whether given shape is portrait or landscape. accept length and width of the shape as input from user. 


3) write a program to find whether person is adult or not. accept age as input from person. if person is adult display message that you apply for voter id card and driving license other wise display message do not drive vehicle.

4) Write a program to determine if a number is positive, negative   
   - Accept a number as input from the user.
   - Display whether it is positive, negative, or zero.

5) Write a program to check if a number is even or odd.  
   - Accept a number as input from the user.
   - Display a message indicating if the number is even or odd.

6) Write a program to determine if a person is eligible for a senior citizen discount.  
   - Accept the person's age as input.
   - If the age is 60 or above, display a message that the person is eligible; otherwise, display that they are not.

7) Write a program to check if a student passed or failed an exam.  
   - Accept the student's score as input (out of 100).
   - Display "Pass" if the score is 40 or above; otherwise, display "Fail."

8) Write a program to find the largest of two numbers.  
   - Accept two numbers as input.
   - Display the larger number.

9) Write a program to calculate ticket pricing based on age.  
   - Accept the person's age as input.
   - Display the ticket price: 
     - Free for children under 5
     - Full price for ages 19 and above

10) Write a program to determine if a given year is a leap year.  
   - Accept a year as input.
   - Display whether the year is a leap year or not.

11) write a program to check whether candidate can apply for driving license or not using his age. if person age is between 18 and 65 then he should be eligible for driving license otherwise not. 

12) write a program to check whether given shape is square or portrait or landscape using given length and width.

13) write a program to print how many days given month has.  month must be between 1 to 12.


